https://github.com/lukesmithxyz/mutt-wizard muttwizard
https://git.sr.ht/~ecs/madeline madeline
https://github.com/aureliojargas/txt2regex txt2regex
https://github.com/ggreer/the_silver_searcher ag
https://github.com/olive-editor/olive olive
https://github.com/robiot/XClicker xclicker
https://gitlab.com/jallbrit/cbonsai cbonsai
https://github.com/rui314/mold mold
https://github.com/PintaProject/Pinta pinta
https://github.com/dymosoftware/Drivers dymo-lw-drivers
https://github.com/Gottox/smu smu
https://git.suckless.org/scroll scroll
https://github.com/rakitzis/rc p9rc
https://github.com/baskerville/bspwm bspwm
https://github.com/atx/wtype wtype
https://git.suckless.org/surf surf-viewer
https://github.com/curl/trurl trurl
https://github.com/XAMPPRocky/tokei tokei
https://github.com/nmap/nmap nmap
https://git.sr.ht/~sircmpwn/hare hare
https://github.com/universal-ctags/ctags ctags
https://github.com/bartobri/no-more-secrets nms
https://git.suckless.org/st st
https://github.com/mgdm/htmlq htmlq
https://github.com/aligrudi/neatvi vi
https://github.com/netblue30/firejail firejail
https://git.sr.ht/~sircmpwn/harec harec
https://github.com/jwilk/pdf2djvu pdf2djvu
https://github.com/muennich/sxiv sxiv
https://git.sr.ht/~herrhotzenplotz/gcli gcli
https://github.com/jhawthorn/fzy fzy
https://github.com/silentbicycle/ff ff
https://github.com/fabiangreffrath/crispy-doom crispy-doom
https://github.com/yt-dlp/yt-dlp yt-dlp
https://git.suckless.org/libgrapheme libgrapheme
https://github.com/Xfennec/progress progress
https://github.com/KosmX/jneedle jneedle
https://git.sr.ht/~sircmpwn/rc rc
https://github.com/baskerville/sxhkd sxhkd
https://github.com/AlDanial/cloc cloc
https://github.com/mgudemann/sct sct
https://github.com/bloc97/Anime4K Anime4K
https://github.com/cdemoulins/pamixer pamixer
https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/stable/linux.git kernel
https://github.com/Fourmilab/ent_random_sequence_tester ent
https://git.suckless.org/farbfeld farbfeld
https://git.suckless.org/surf surf
https://github.com/o2sh/onefetch onefetch
git://c9x.me/qbe.git qbe
https://github.com/MFEK/glif glif
https://github.com/Duncaen/OpenDoas doas
https://github.com/z0gg3r/wcwidth wcwidth
https://repo.or.cz/tinycc.git tcc
git://git.codemadness.org/lel lel
https://github.com/eradman/entr entr
https://github.com/xorg62/tty-clock tty-clock
https://github.com/onetrueawk/awk bawk
https://github.com/noctuid/zscroll zscroll
https://git.suckless.org/tabbed tabbed
https://git.sr.ht/~sircmpwn/harelang.org harelang.org
https://github.com/rui314/chibicc chibicc
https://github.com/Syllo/nvtop nvtop
